New structure docs (#179)
dappnode/DAppNodeDocs: docs/user.md

---
title: User Guide
slug: "/"
---

> Wellcome to the DAppNode user guide.

Author: This is fixed in the commit,

If you have just installed or bought a DAppNode, the section quick start will help you to do the first step on your DAppNode.

> If you want to validate or know how to do cool stuff go to the guides section.

Author: Added

> If you have some problem or doubt about dappnode, go to the FAQS.

Author: In the next meeting i will propose to add the contact us section in the FAqs it can be a good idea or maybe to add it in a a more visible place.

> The product manual will show you what does every button and part of the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The product manual aims to give you an overview of the whole DAppNode interface, accompanied by a functional explanation of that part of the UI.
```
